README.md, before:

# Jackbox Forsen Pack 6
This pack extends the base game called [Jackbox Party Pack 6](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1005300/The_Jackbox_Party_Pack_6/), offering additional content for the party games included in this pack.

The pack features a lot of content related to [Sebastian "RolePlayer" Fors (Forsen)](https://twitch.tv/forsen), as well as a lot of other popular memes.

In order to install the pack you must own the original game. Installer supports only Steam edition of the game.

> ⚠ This pack contains strong language :)

## About the pack
This pack contains modifications for the following games in Jackbox Party Pack 6:
+ Trivia Murder Party 2 ([Trailer](https://youtu.be/VTFyFwHgi6w)):
    + over 100 new custom questions
    + over 100 new custom final round questions
    + custom minigame content: Dictation, Mirror, Mind Meld, Quiplash
    + balance improvements: final round (darkness moves a bit quicker); Math minigame (harder prompts)
    + custom art in other minigames
    + small bug fixes and improvements for the original game's components

Additionally, some UI components have been restyled. But that's just a bonus.

TTS voice generated using [uberduck.ai](https://uberduck.ai/#voice=schmitty)

> ⚠ It is strongly recommended to enable the subtitles (closed captions) in game's options. The TTS voice may sometimes be hard to understand.

## How to install
### Automatic installation
Get the [auto-installer](https://github.com/g7eternal/jackbox-forsen-pack-6/releases/download/autoinstaller/jackbox-forsen-pack-6.exe) - it will take care of finding your game and importing all the content! The whole process is just a few clicks in total - and you can customize the list of components. Give it a try!

> It is especially helpful if you can't bother - just click Next-Next-Next to autoinstall the pack.

### Manual installation
1. Download and unzip the latest version of the pack: 
    + [GitHub](https://github.com/g7eternal/jackbox-forsen-pack-6/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) | [Mirror](https://g7eternal.ru/misc/jackbox-forsen-pack-6.zip)

2. In your Steam library select the **Jackbox Party Pack 6** game, right-click -> _Manage_ -> _Browse local files_
![find-files](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40625769/133881777-34a63150-6665-462b-9d98-76fd787d23a8.gif)

3. Copy the extracted files and folders from the zip-archive into the local game folder and replace existing files.
![u0eqC7FLjz](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135361970-91c7e9af-84f1-4984-abac-a67404f5d612.gif)
    + Note: if you want to preserve the original game content and install the new content alongside it, you will have to manually edit the matching files.
        + For Trivia Murder Party 2, you may want to merge the new questions with old ones (from the original game). For that you can copy the _TDQuestions.jet_ and _TDFinalRound.jet_ files from **\_dev** folder into **games\TriviaParty2\content** folder (replacing the existing files).
        + For other instances, the merging must be done manually. We hope you know what you're doing.

4. All done! Start up the game to confirm: installation has been successful if your game intro has changed.
![intro](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40625769/133881811-ccd30b46-ca32-453a-8f06-01fcc43cba8a.png)

## How to remove pack
1. In your Steam library select **Jackbox Party Pack 6** game.

2. Right-click -> _Manage_ -> _Properties..._

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135362254-add89bea-8ec6-4a7c-b5ed-70ab03641eb6.png)

3. In _Local files_ section, press the _Verify integrity of game files..._ button and wait for Steam to re-download the original game files.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135362194-81e37ac6-a8f6-456a-9347-be2bdc6a50fd.png)

## Contribution guide
If you want to contribute to development, please read the following.

- If you have a generic suggestion related to Trivia Murder Party 2 game, please submit your ideas through [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf5cuUIGg3B3Zy3oScc2xhHXUreeJTzrasTCXgLtLXc8DPWNw/viewform)
- If you are a tech savvy person and actually know what you're doing, feel free to fork the repo and do your magic! Pull requests will never go unnoticed.
    - Commits including TriviaDeath2.swf will not be accepted. Contact repo owner to discuss whatever you want to change in that file.
    - Commits including other SWF files need to have extensive description of what has been modified. Since SWF is considered to be a binary file (hence no way to see the diff), commits may get rejected.
    - Other commits will be manually reviewed and merged if deemed as non-breaking.
- If you have any other idea in mind, just contact me directly:
    - dm me on discord (g7eternal#8037), [twitch](https://twitch.tv/g7eternal) or [twitter](https://twitter.com/g7_eternal)

## Ads LUL
If you are looking for some more fun stuff, check out these projects:
- [What the Dub?! - Forsen pack](https://github.com/g7eternal/wtd-forsen-pack)
- [What the Dub?! - nymn pack](https://github.com/badoge/wtd-nymn-pack)

Commit message:

updated info on pack + new contribution guide

README.md, after:

# Jackbox Forsen Pack 6
This pack extends the base game called [Jackbox Party Pack 6](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1005300/The_Jackbox_Party_Pack_6/), offering additional content for the party games included in this pack.

The pack features a lot of content related to [Sebastian "RolePlayer" Fors (Forsen)](https://twitch.tv/forsen), as well as a lot of other popular memes.

In order to install the pack you must own the original game. Installer supports only Steam edition of the game.

> ⚠ This pack contains strong language :)

## About the pack
This pack contains modifications for the following games in Jackbox Party Pack 6:
+ Trivia Murder Party 2 ([Trailer](https://youtu.be/VTFyFwHgi6w)):
    + over 170 new custom questions (including new question types!)
    + over 100 new custom final round questions
    + custom minigame content: Dictation, Mirror, Mind Meld, Quiplash
    + various balance improvements for existing game modes
    + custom art in other minigames
    + small bug fixes and improvements for the original game's components

Additionally, some UI components have been restyled. But that's just a bonus.

TTS voices have been generated using [Uberduck](https://uberduck.ai/).

> ⚠ It is strongly recommended to enable the subtitles (closed captions) in game's options. The TTS voice may sometimes be hard to understand.

## How to install
### Automatic installation
Get the [auto-installer](https://github.com/g7eternal/jackbox-forsen-pack-6/releases/download/autoinstaller/jackbox-forsen-pack-6.exe) - it will take care of finding your game and importing all the content! The whole process is just a few clicks in total - and you can customize the list of components. Give it a try!

> It is especially helpful if you can't bother - just click Next-Next-Next to autoinstall the pack.

### Manual installation
1. Download and unzip the latest version of the pack: 
    + [GitHub](https://github.com/g7eternal/jackbox-forsen-pack-6/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) | [Mirror](https://g7eternal.ru/misc/jackbox-forsen-pack-6.zip)

2. In your Steam library select the **Jackbox Party Pack 6** game, right-click -> _Manage_ -> _Browse local files_
![find-files](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40625769/133881777-34a63150-6665-462b-9d98-76fd787d23a8.gif)

3. Copy the extracted files and folders from the zip-archive into the local game folder and replace existing files.
![u0eqC7FLjz](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135361970-91c7e9af-84f1-4984-abac-a67404f5d612.gif)
    + Note: if you want to preserve the original game content and install the new content alongside it, you will have to manually edit the matching files.
        + For Trivia Murder Party 2, you may want to merge the new questions with old ones (from the original game). For that you can copy the _TDQuestions.jet_ and _TDFinalRound.jet_ files from **\_dev** folder into **games\TriviaParty2\content** folder (replacing the existing files).
        + For other instances, the merging must be done manually. We hope you know what you're doing.

4. All done! Start up the game to confirm: installation has been successful if your game intro has changed.
![intro](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40625769/133881811-ccd30b46-ca32-453a-8f06-01fcc43cba8a.png)

## How to remove pack
1. In your Steam library select **Jackbox Party Pack 6** game.

2. Right-click -> _Manage_ -> _Properties..._

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135362254-add89bea-8ec6-4a7c-b5ed-70ab03641eb6.png)

3. In _Local files_ section, press the _Verify integrity of game files..._ button and wait for Steam to re-download the original game files.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18620902/135362194-81e37ac6-a8f6-456a-9347-be2bdc6a50fd.png)

## Contribution guide
If you want to contribute to development, please refer to [this guide](https://github.com/g7eternal/jackbox-forsen-pack-6/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> If you have a generic suggestion related to Trivia Murder Party 2 game, please submit your ideas through [this Google form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf5cuUIGg3B3Zy3oScc2xhHXUreeJTzrasTCXgLtLXc8DPWNw/viewform).

## Ads LUL
If you are looking for some more fun stuff, check out these projects:
- [What the Dub?! - Forsen pack](https://github.com/g7eternal/wtd-forsen-pack)
- [What the Dub?! - nymn pack](https://github.com/badoge/wtd-nymn-pack)
